the direction of the blood on the window
I say your victim got whacked here the
shooter was sitting in the front
passenger seat there just blow back to
that's somebody else in lanes line of
work I'm a police officer he meets a lot
of strange characters after they're dead
see this food can't kill you
what's up Mad Dog do me a favor my name
is Wayne but this time oh geez oh sure
please are you ain't who are you Harold
I work for my boss and he asked me to
find you to invite you to this thing
tonight who's your boss don't worry it's
not a bad thing it's good the land of
velour car interiors the comedy stylings
of Frank Milo lay down today you
actually saved my life be my friend if
you do I become the expediter of your
dreams
my name is glory the gift that keeps on
giving
look you saved his life he wants me to
be your friend for a week
so what do you do for him you sleep with
him I don't think he has sex Frank just
wants to make sure that you're happy for
the next five days let's just pretend
with your basic normal comfortable are
you happy
I get paid either plane not a kiss I
hate it when people take advantage of my
fares practisin of your business I
thought we were friends
I don't know what you're talking about
not going back to me you got three days
she's coming down we're in love
I love some situps
[Music]
Frank you can't argue you can't fight
you can't hide like these pop get this
straight with me I'll take is some Sox
games I'm not asking you to save me
Wayne hey no guts no glory
[Music]